# Hi :wave:, I'm Daniel (or Bing)

I'm a software engineer from Bloomington, Indiana.  I've been writing code
since  2000 (I was 13) and spent my high school years hacking on a Multi-User
Dungeon in C.  I went to Skidmore College from 2005 to 2009 and studied Physics
and Computer Science, graduating in 2009 with a double major.  Since then I've
been working as a Software Engineer.  I have 10 years professional Full Stack
experience and 5 years DevOps and Engineering Management. 

When I'm not writing code I spend a lot of time working on municipal policy
with my local government and helping out with non-profits and cooperatives.
I'm particularly interested in housing, sustainability, and climate change.
Sustainability of the food system was my primary focus for a long time and a
lot of my early software side projects were in that space.

For the last two years I've been heavily focused on finding a way to achieve
Universal Diamond Open Access of the Scientific literature.  We can't write
accurate municipal policy if our policy makers don't have access to primary
sources. Right now, they don't. I took a few shots at launching a startup
around this, but no luck. So I'm taking a break from it, it's a really hard
problem to solve.

You can find links to my other profiles in the sidebar.  I'll use the rest of
this space to add some context to my repos.

## Projects

**Peer Review / JournalHub** 

Repo: [danielbingham/peerreview](https://github.com/danielbingham/peerreview)
Tech Stack:
- Frontend: React/Redux
- Backend: Node.js / Express
- Infrastructure: AWS, Terraform, Kubernetes, Github Actions

This is my attempt to build a universal scholarly publishing SaaS platform.  I
started with a crowdsourcing concept.  The idea was to use a StackExchange-like
reputation system linked to Github-like revivew tooling to effectively replace
the role of the journals.  That was called [Peer
Review](https://peer-review.io).  After building a beta and collecting user
feedback, it became clear that wasn't going to work for a myriad of reasons.

But another idea seemed like it just might, which was basically building Github
for Journals.  A super user-friendly SaaS platform that made it very easy for
journal editorial teams to run their operations with out the need of a
commercial publisher.  I spent some time exploring that pivot, and I still
think it's viable, but it can't be bootstrapped, it needs to be non-profit to
work, and I haven't been able to get non-profit funding. So it will likely
remain a side project for the forseeable future.

**MuddyReality.py / MuddyReality** 

Repo: [danielbingham/MuddyReality.py](https://github.com/danielbingham/muddyreality.py), [danielbingham/MuddyReality](https://github.com/danielbingham/muddyreality)
Tech Stack: Python (MuddyReality.py), C++ (MuddyReality)

This is my on-going Multi-User Dungeon project.

